add logs data retention (#1655)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/logs/logs-data-retention.md

---
applies_to:
  stack: ga
  serverless: unavailable
products:
  - id: observability
---

# Configure logs data retention

Your data retention policies define how long {{es}} keeps your log data before automatically removing it. Setting an appropriate data retention period helps manage storage costs and keeps your log data manageable.

> Manage log data retention in the following ways:

Reviewer: This would be a great place to provide some additional way-finding guidance. For example, maybe something like this:

```suggestion
Manage log data retention based on where your data is stored:
```

If you decided to do this ^, adding short descriptions after the options would be useful as well.

* [Manage log data retention in Streams](#logs-data-retention-streams)
* [Manage log data retention in data streams](#logs-data-retention-data-streams)

> ## Manage data retention using Streams [logs-data-retention-streams]

Reviewer: Seeing that there's already [a dedicated page](https://docs-v3-preview.elastic.dev/elastic/docs-content/pull/1655/solutions/observability/streams/management/retention) for managing data retention in streams, maybe you can remove this section and link to that page on line 15 instead?
